
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="es">  
  <head>     
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="description" content="DescripciÃ³n de la WEB">     
  </head>  
  <body>    
    <header>
      <h1>Web Services Marcas Onine Store</h1>      
    </header>    
    <nav>
      <a href="http://marcasonlinestore.hubspotpagebuilder.com/marcas-online">Landing Page</a>
      <br>
      <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/109pxfEmslvYeb0Hc5CZSuJtrI3XtchjwJwzqtv1-M04/edit#slide=id.ga71ca07049_2_16">Presentation Page</a>
      <br>
      <a href="https://wordpress.com/post/marcasmvponlinestore.wordpress.com/34">Blog Page</a>
    </nav>
    <section>      
      <article>
        <h2>Project Name:</h2>
        <p>Web Services Marcas Onine Store MVP</p>
        <div>
          <p>Web Services online brand store Marcas to sell all kinds of products and accessories in addition to building customer loyalty CRM.</p>    
        </div>
      </article>      
       <article>
        <h2>History</h2>
        <p>History Web Services Marcas Onine Store MVP</p>
        <div>
          <p>*****Marcas is a clothing and
accessories company that was born
from the need to create income at
a time of crisis, it took advantage
of the fact that at the time of its
creation network marketing was
booming, this helped Brands to be a
success and raise more than ten
thousand followers on the page and
what to achieve in its first year
more than two thousand sales in its
network clients. Brands in their
growth found a flaw that made them
lose some customers every month and
that was that they could not have a
database of their customers, losing
them or not being able to retain
them. So we take advantage of
technology to create a web page that
allows us to save databases and that
also allows us to retain them.</p>    
        </div>
      </article>   
      <article>
        <div>
          <p>
           <nav>
           <h2>Team Project</h2>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ricardo-barreto-r-1b06571a1/">LINKEDIN RICARDO BARRETO</a>
      <br>
        <a href="https://twitter.com/BartorodriguezR">TWITTER RICARDO BARRETO</a>
      <br>
        <a href="https://github.com/RicardoBarretoR">GITHUB RICARDO BARRETO</a>
      <br>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-alejandro-rojas-rivera-816543a2/">LINKEDIN DIEGO ROJAS</a>
      <br>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/dalejoro">TWITTER DIEGO ROJAS</a>
      <br>
      <a href="https://github.com/dalejoroc11">GITHUB DIEGO ROJAS</a>
    </nav>
          </p>    
        </div>
      </article>  
      <article>
        <div>
          <p>
           <nav>
           <h2>INSTALATION</h2>
           <P>To visit our page visite:</P>
      <a href="http://marcasonlinestore.hubspotpagebuilder.com/marcas-online">Marcas Store</a>
      <br>
      <h2>Use</h2>
           <P>Buy in the link clothes and Jelewery:</P>
      <a href="http://marcasonlinestore.hubspotpagebuilder.com/marcas-online">Marcas Store</a>
      <br>
    </nav>
          </p>    
        </div>
      </article>       
    </section>
    <h2>Advantage:</h2>
 <h2>Technical Information of the project:</h2>
 <img src="repomarcas1\Web-service_MarcasClothes\assets">
  <div>
          <p></p>    
        </div>
  <footer>
      <h4>Redes sociales</h4>
      <a href="https://www.facebook.com/marcasdm">Mi Facebook</a>
    </footer>
  </body>  
</html>